Yves: Send a video message to your hair.
Go Won: Your pineapple like color was so beautiful.
(Why dose she send a message to her hair?)
(Because she had to change her hair color into black!)
ViVi: It's done!
Go Won: Black hair!
Yves: It seems like it looks better on you...
Go Won: I'm gonna shoot dance scene with this black hair and black outfit!
Yves: It seem like she looks similar with me now.
Go Won: Right!
Yves & Go Won: Twin look!
Yves: Hello, this is Yves, 19 years old!
Yves: We are of the same age!
Go Won: Yves~
ViVi: Why do you two suddenly become friends?
Yves: Us?
Yves: You don't know we were friends?
Go Won & ViVi: Ah...
(Yves wants to be younger...)
(But suddenly a staff calls Go Won's friend of the same age!)
ViVi: Your friend is gone?
Go Won: (Kind explanation) We wore almost same clothes.
Go Won: It's the reason we became friends of the same age.